# BombSquad Bot
A new discord bot which has many new and unique features including some fun commands.
 This bot is made mainly for enhancing the experience of any BombSquad game player and/or  server owners by having some special BombSquad game commands for them.

## Bot General Command Info
BombSquad Bot's default command prefix is `bs!`, but it is customizable for every servers the bot is in.

## Special Commands
Following are the special BombSquad commands those will be useful for every BombSquad fan :-
  1. `bs!bombjoke` or just `bs!joke` to get a joke including BombSquad characters (you won't be able control your laughter)
  2. `bs!trivia` to get a MCQ question with 4 options, only one of the four is correct, you have 30 seconds to answer the question.
  3. `bs!accessories` this is a command group that is used with following two sub commands:
      - `bs!accessories list` to see through all the available to download accessories on the
      BombSquad Official Accessories Archive repository on Github with a download link for them (or view link if collection accessory)
      - `bs!accessories search <search term>` to search from all the accessories for the term provided and show the accessories result matching name
  4. `bs!modmanager` this is a command group that is used with following two sub commands:
      - `bs!modmanager list` to see through all the available to download mods on the
      BombSquad Community Mod Manager repository on Github with a download link for them
      - `bs!modmanager search <search term>` to search from all the mods for the term provided and show the mods result matching name
  5. `bs!bs_server_stats` or just `bs!bs_stats` this command is very useful for server owners as
  it lets the owners show their BombSquad servers' generated stats in their discord server's
  channel just using a command. Following are the sub commands to use this for setting and
  getting server stats:
      - `bs!bs_stats set` to set a BombSquad game's server generated stats json file url to get data from with id in the discord server.
      (manage server permission required for this command)
      - `bs!bs_stats get <id>` to get all the server's stats data which is with the given id.
      - `bs!bs_stats search <id> <name>` to search for a player by name all the server's stats data which is with the given id.
      - `bs!bs_stats delete <id>` to delete the BombSquad server entry set at the given id for the discord server.
      (manage server permission required for this command)
      - `bs!bs_stats list` to list all BombSquad server name and the entry id that is set in the discord server to get stats data from.

## Bot `bs_stats` Command Info
To set a BombSquad server's stats json file you must use the [BombSquad server files provided by me](https://github.com/I-Am-The-Great/BombSquad-Server)
 because I have set my bot to use some special keys which are not present in the files generated by the normal unmodified server files,
 and I did not want to use the normal unmodified BombSquad server's generated json files directly into my bot for this purpose because
 some server owners may not think it safe to reveal the default generated stats json file on the net.

## Website and WebDashboard
There is also a [website of BombSquad Bot](https://www.bombsquadbot.tk) which is made using Django 3.0.3 and python.
 Also this website has some sections using which you can authorize to the website with your discord account and customize the BombSquad Bot's
 behaviour on your discord servers easily. The source code for the website will be also available on a different branch of this repository.

## Contributing
If you wish to contribute to the source code of BombSquad Bot, you are allowed to do that by the means of issues or pull request.
 [More information about contributing here](https://github.com/I-Am-The-Great/BombSquad-Bot/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Support
For getting support about the BombSquad Bot [mail the team](mailto:support@bombsquadbot.tk) or join the BombSquad Bot
 [support server](https://discord.gg/BCZvf3W) and ask for support there.

For getting support about this repository or the bot's source code, open an issue in this Github repository and we will help. 

## License
The source code of this bot is licensed under the `MIT` open source license.
